Create Section 25 of Controller Admin Guide (#797)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-set-up-kerberos-packages.adoc

----

When you have a valid ticket, you can check to ensure that everything is working as expected from the command line. 

To test this, your inventory should resemble the following:

[literal, options="nowrap" subs="+attributes"]
----
[windows]
win01.WEBSITE.COM

[windows:vars]
ansible_user = username@WEBSITE.COM
ansible_connection = winrm
ansible_port = 5986
----

You must also:

* Ensure that the hostname is the proper client hostname matching the entry in AD and is not the IP address.
* In the username declaration, ensure that the domain name (the text after `@`) is properly entered with regard to upper- and lower-case letters, as Kerberos is case sensitive. 
* For {ControllerName}, you must also ensure that the inventory looks the same.

[NOTE]
====
If you encounter a `Server not found in Kerberos database` error message, and your inventory is configured using FQDNs (*not IP addresses*), ensure that the service principal name is not missing or mis-configured.
====

Now, playbooks should run as expected. 
You can test this by running the playbook as the `awx` user.

When you have verified that playbooks work properly, you can integrate with {ControllerName}. 

> Generate the Kerberos ticket as the `awx` user and {Controllername} automatically picks up the generated ticket for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate the Kerberos ticket as the `awx` user.
{ControllerNameStart} automatically picks up the generated ticket for
```
